---    Topological Navigation Editor Help Document    ---

1 - Getting Started

When starting a new project, the user should select the open files button and select three files,
1 PGM file containing the map image, 1 TMAP file containing any existing topological map info and 
1 YAML file containing additional occupancy settings. If you don't have an any existing topological
map data or a yaml setup file you can start fresh by selecting just the PGM image, you will then
be prompted to enter the relevant YAML data.

2 - Recent Files

Once a project has been initialised it will be stored in the recent files with a date stamp of last 
modification.

3 - In The Editor

After the files have been loaded you will be loaded into the main editor where you will see the image
that represents your map with any existing nodes plotted as blue circles and any actions between
nodes represented by dotted lines with an arrowhead indicating direction. The map can be navigated
using the scroll bars on the sides or using the shortcuts: the Mousewheel for the Y-axis or CTRL +
Mousewheel for the X-axis.

4 - Node Properties 

To the right of the displayed map is the properties panel which contains all the info for a node with 
input boxes that display the currently stored values for a selected node which can be changed and
these changes can be stored in the file by using the update button at the top of the panel. The options
for connected actions and vertices are contained within dropdown menus.

5 - Selection Modes

When interacting with the map you need to be in one of two modes:

    5.1 - Single Mode

    In single mode there are four actions and the mode can be activated through the button or 
    the shortcut CTRL + Q:
    
        5.1.1 - Creating A Node
        
        To create a node you will need to click on the appropriate point of the map where you want
        the node to go and select the Add Node option in the edit menu or use the shortcut CTRL +
        Mouse 1.

        5.1.2 - Selecting A Node

        To select a node simply click any existing blue circle, when a node is selected it will be highlighted 
	in red on the image and all of its properties will be loaded into the properties panel. A node can be 
	deselected by simply clicking it again, changing mode or using the shortcut CTRL + D.

        5.1.3 - Deleting A Node

        To delete a node simply have a node selected (highlighted in red) and selected the delete node
        option in the edit menu or use the shortcut CTRL + Backspace, this will remove the visual node
        and delete all information related to this node including any actions other nodes have with it.

        5.1.4 - Selecting An Action

        To select an action you must select the node that begins this action (where the arrow is pointing
        from) then go the dropdown menu in the properties panel just under the 'edges' title, this menu
        contains all the actions originating from this node simply click one of these options to see the
        details of the action and it will the connecting line will be highlighted in red on the map.

    5.2 - Multi-Mode

    Multimode is used when interacting with two different nodes which includes three different actions and can
    be activated through the button or the shortcut CTRL + E:

        5.2.1 - Creating A Connection
        
        To create an action between two nodes simply have two selected and use the Add Node Connection option 
	in the edit menu or use the shortcut CTRL + Mouse 2. This will create an action from the first
        selected node to the second selected node in order to create another action in the opposite direction
        you must deselect the nodes and select them in the reverse order then proceed as normal.

        5.2.2 - Deleting A Connection

        Similar to creating a connection to delete a connection you must select the node that starts the action
        first, then the node that the action leads to and select the Delete Node Action from the edit menu or use
        the shortcut SHIFT + Backspace.

        5.2.3 - Plotting A Line of Nodes

        You can create a line of equidistant nodes with actions connecting them all by selecting two nodes (again
        the direction of the actions will be from the first selected node to the second) then select the Add Connected
        Node Line option from the Edit menu or use the shortcut CTRL + F. This will prompt you to enter a number,
        this is the number of nodes that will be added between the two selected nodes, each node will be spaced
        equally apart from each other and will have one action that leads to the next node in the line.

6 - Dragging Nodes

Nodes can be easily moved around by dragging them, simply hold down right-click on a node and move your mouse to move
the node around the map, the position of the node will be automatically updated to its new location on the map.

7 - Finishing Up

To save your work simply select the save option in the File menu or use the shortcut CTRL + S, this relates to the TMAP 
file only so you can either save it as a new file or overwrite the previous TMAP file if you wish to continue the project 
later.